Well, good morning, Menlo Church.
So glad to be with you today as we finish our series, Love Is.
And I hope you've had a chance, whichever campus you're at today, to write on the posters and finish that line, Love Is.
And they've been this reminder that we're all being formed all the time.
Sometimes it's formation into something we choose.
Sometimes it's formation into just like what's around us.
And those posters have been a snapshot of that.
And hopefully an opportunity to reflect as we've
had this study.
It's been a three week series and the great news is you made it.
This is the final week.
You did it.
Even if you missed the others.
Just take the W. You did it.
You got all the way to the end.
And today we've locked the doors and we're going to talk about sex.
Just kidding.
About the doors part.
And I know that for some of you, this is like your first weekend here and you're like, wait, is he really gonna talk about that?
And now you are carefully calculating the best escape route from wherever you are right now.
And I would encourage you, don't do that.
stay.
This is an important conversation.
It's one that matters.
I also want to acknowledge the fact that anytime we have conversations like these, we have a wide range of ages, maturity levels, even like your own posture toward faith and God.
And my commitment to you is to be mindful of that range and everything that I say about a subject like this.
And so if you're with a child and you're like, I'm not sure I'm ready for my child to be in this room.
I will not be offended if you step out, put them in kids ministry, do whatever you need to do, totally want to respect that.
Now in the first week of our series, we learned that love is more than vibes, that it's actually the foundation of all of our lives.
And God himself is not only the source, but he's also the definition of all
true love.
And last week, Javon talked about guarding our hearts so that we don't end up with distorted appetites where we want what we don't need and we need what we don't want.
Now, the first week was about the foundation of our lives.
Last week was about the heart.
This week's going to be about the body.
And before we get into it any further, I'm gonna pray for us.
And I'm specifically praying for a type of person walking in today, somebody that's tuning in.
And for you, anytime you've had a conversation like this, especially in church, it's felt really shame-inducing.
It's felt really heavy.
And I'm praying for God's hope into your life, no matter what brought you here today.
So, wherever you're at today, would you pray with me?
God, thank you so much.
Thank you that we really can trust you.
with the circumstances of our life, that no matter what brought us into this conversation, no matter the joy we find ourselves in or the grief we find ourselves in or the sorrow or shame we find ourselves in, we really do believe that there is hope available, that just because something's happened to us or we've done something in our past or even our present, there really can be a different future in you.
Would you give us hope to believe that and power to live through?
In Jesus' name, amen.
a
what happened, and maybe you know somebody like that.
You know someone who had their gallbladder removed, or their appendix removed, or their tonsils removed, or their spleen removed, or their wisdom teeth removed, right?
You can even live without one of your kidneys.
It's almost like God gave us built-in spare parts.
It's kind of wild how many things we can live without.
But there are also parts of our body we can't live without.
Last week, Jovan talked to us about our heart.
And in Jesus' day, the heart was more than just a vital organ in your body.
It was also the decision-making center of your person.
It was essential.
And sadly, when we have a conversation like this today, we often treat our heart like something we can just switch off during sex.
And if you're like, I'm already uncomfortable.
Here's what I would tell you.
We find ourselves in a moment like this, where every week I get emails from people saying, when are you gonna talk about this particular item from the news?
When are you going to talk about this particular social issue?
I've never actually gotten an email that said, Phil, would you talk about sex this weekend?
So you're like, why are you doing it?
Because God does.
So if you've been in church for a while,
You've probably been exposed to either an idea about, hey, here's the thing we think about and see as it relates to culture and sex, or we've been exposed to maybe a pretty disappointing and unbiblical alternative of what the church has highlighted.
And so we're gonna take a look at those over the next few minutes together.
And I wanna start by talking about how culture sees sex.
As a matter of fact, I think that culture sees that sex as a game.
Now, for a long time, I would talk about how I thought that culture saw sex as a God, lowercase g, but that, I think, is giving culture too much credit in this moment.
See, even a false religion, even a fake God, requires worship, requires sacrifice, requires seriousness, but I would argue right now, culture doesn't actually want you to worship sex, it wants you to play it like a game.
I mean, think about the way we talk about it.
It's about having fun, blowing off steam, maybe even getting to score.
The only rule in our culture's snapshot of sex is fairness, or really what we would call consent.
As long as everybody knows the rules and agrees to play, culture says that there's no harm, no foul.
It's totally fine.
But there is a danger in this game mindset.
And it's really wrapped around a concept called disassociation.
See, when you play a game, you often use an avatar or maybe a controller, oftentimes it's wireless.
You're literally disconnected, you're detached.
And that is exactly what hookup culture does to your soul.
It teaches you to treat your body like a rental car.
Last week, I was on the road a little bit and I had a rental car and I can tell you that whoever had driven it before me was very detached from how their actions would impact future drivers, right?
Even though they thought it was totally fine, there was going to be a consequence.
And isn't that what culture sometimes feels like?
Even if you think about the way culture talks about this, like I'm just having fun, it's just physical, it doesn't mean anything.
Do you hear that?
These are the tragic lies of the game idea of sexuality.
It convinces you that you can engage in the most profound act of human connection without actually connecting.
Now, we have traded momentary intensity, a high score, for lifelong intimacy, being fully known and fully loved.
And the problem is that unlike a game, there is no reset button on the human soul.
You can't just start over at the end of a one-flesh relationship like a respawn in a video game, and we all know that.
Now, it's easy to dunk on hookup culture, dating apps, the internet age, as the cause of all of this, and to say, yeah, I know this is why we got to where we are, but honestly, they didn't make it, they just modernized it.
If we took the apostle Paul from 2000 years ago, and we dropped him right now in the Bay area today, he would look around and he would say, oh, like I've seen this before, you almost learned this from Corinth, because that is the dynamic he was writing to.
Paul wrote multiple letters to the church at Corinth,
And for them, they really functioned as the center of society in a lot of ways the way that Silicon Valley does.
As a port city, it was kind of like our culture today with influence way beyond its size.
As a matter of fact, they had a slogan at the time that epitomized for them the game culture of their day.
The way that they said it 2,000 years ago, sort of the Corinthian statement was, food is meant for the stomach and the stomach is meant for food.
Connection, right?
One plus one equals two.
It's a math problem.
It's an appetite.
If you're hungry, you eat, you move on.
It doesn't have to touch your soul.
And it was rooted in a false teaching of heresy called Gnosticism that said that your spirit is good, but that flesh and physical is bad.
So kind of just whatever you need to do, survive is fine.
It won't make a difference.
You certainly aren't attached to the feelings of your appetizer, right?
That's the way that somebody in Corinth would have thought about this.
Beyond the cultural phrase was a level of disassociation in their time that we can't imagine.
As a matter of fact, there was a pagan religion of the region that involved temple prostitutes, and that should sound as strange as it sounds.
See back then, men would go to the temple of Aphrodite to engage with the prostitute to gain access to religious practices and customs of their day.
They didn't do it to have a relationship.
They did it simply as a business transaction.
It required zero intimacy.
They were using someone's body to have a temporary experience that was transactional, but they didn't need to know their name, they didn't need to know their heart, they didn't need to know their story.
It was just a one-night stand.
Sound familiar?
See, the people of Corinth, they argued that it was just their body, that their spirit was fine in this sort of disassociation with rooted anosticism.
And it really wasn't affecting them.
But in the middle of that, Paul is speaking to their cultural statements at the day, and he's saying, look, look, you've gotten it wrong.
He continues along this very idea when he says this.
He says, the body is not meant for sexual immorality, but for the Lord and the Lord for the body.
And God raised the Lord and will also raise us up by his power.
Do you not know that your bodies are members of Christ?
Shall I then?
Take the members of Christ and make them members of a prostitute.
He's going, in case you need me to answer the question, do not do that.
Never.
He's saying, do you realize that because of what Jesus has done, you and I have a different connection to our body.
We are actually embodied.
It's not this Gnostic idea where it's just a thing I have to live with until my soul graduates from it.
It was intentional.
It was actually designed this way.
He's not saying that, hey, Corinth, you are making too big a deal about sex.
Actually, what he's saying is that they aren't making a big enough deal of the impact of Jesus redeeming power and the future plans that he has for their body.
Because of Jesus' work on their behalf, their bodies are now holy.
They're set apart.
They're uniquely designed and redeemed by their creator.
He's saying, you are more than your appetite, more than your impulses and your temporary desires.
Just like we talked about last week, your body is more than this current cosmic rental car that you just happened to be in for a few decades.
And if you pray a salvation prayer somewhere along the way, it's like you got the walk away insurance for your rental car.
There are no long-term consequences.
That just isn't true.
When we choose to follow Jesus, our body is set apart.
It's holy, it's distinct, it's unique, and God has a plan and a calling for it.
So we can see that culture is treating sex like a game.
That's not new.
But neither is the overreaction of the religious world.
See, if culture treats sex like a game, then if we're honest, oftentimes in religious settings, what we can do is we treat sex as gross.
We treat sex as gross.
And the thing is, the church has often responded this way because we looked at the wreckage that was left in the rental car return lot of people that were playing sex as a game.
The broken hearts, the confusion, the pain, the panic.
And in the midst of all of that, we just wanted to try to stop it.
But the problem was too often we have rejected conversations of any kind.
And this is kind of like a painful, recurring tendency among people or systems where we respond in fear.
See, when culture screams yes to everything, oftentimes what we can do if we're not careful in the church is we scream no to everything.
Church leaders often just wanted to protect people from burning down the house, but instead of teaching you how to use the fireplace, we just told you that fire was evil.
And we wrapped sexuality in silence and shame
The message was wild.
If you grew up in purity culture in kind of the 90s and 2000s in church culture, this is the message that you heard essentially.
Sex is ugly, gross, and shameful.
So save it for the one you love and commit to a lifetime of it.
It was weird.
It was really confusing.
And you felt like neither option was like a particularly good one and you weren't sure what to do.
Now I want to honor the heart that was behind this because I think that the pastors, the parents, and the leaders who did this, who said this, who advocated for this, they were just trying to protect us in a world that was changing at an alarming and disorienting pace.
I get it.
But it created its own version of disassociation.
It really reflected the same lie of Gnosticism that your body and your soul can be detached.
See if the game says that your body is a toy, the gross mindset says that your body is a threat.
And neither one is true.
Both of these views separate your soul from your body.
One leads to indulgence and one leads to repression.
But neither leads to holiness.
Neither leads to the freedom that God has for you.
This is why it's so important to understand Paul's intention when he flips the page to verse 18.
His words have been kind of weaponized over time, but we're going to take him one word at a time.
He says, flee from sexual immorality.
Every other sin a person commits is outside the body, but the sexually immoral person sins against his own body.
Paul is trying to highlight a couple things.
One is a strategy for how we handle this, and the other is the unique reason why he's targeting the strategy.
Now, Paul is highlighting something very, very clear here.
He doesn't say fight it.
He doesn't say manage it.
He doesn't say reason with it.
He doesn't say logic.
He says, when it comes to sexual temptation in your life, run.
And I'm just telling you, that's a pretty easy thing to hear and go, oh, I guess sex is gross.
I better run from it.
But you have to ask the question, why is Paul advocating for that strategy?
Is it because sex is icky?
Is it because one day God looked down at created beings and he's like, what are you guys doing down there?
Who came up with that?
No, he did.
It was his idea.
The reason that Paul says this is because he knows how powerful sex is.
Paul is saying that sexual sin
is unique.
It's different.
It's not uniquely shameful, and it doesn't uniquely separate you from God.
It impacts you internally in ways that no other sin does.
It's spiritual self-harm.
He says, flee because of the kinds of bonds that we talked about in week one, that welding ourselves to someone outside the covenant of marriage has permanent consequences.
It doesn't mean there isn't grace.
It doesn't mean that there isn't hope, but we cannot believe the cultural lie that it doesn't matter.
We aren't scared of a sunset, right?
When we sit back and appreciate a sunset in our life, we know that we're at a safe distance from that heat.
It can't hurt us.
But if you were at the treeline of a forest fire, you're not pulling out a folding chair and enjoying it.
You're going to run because the fire will consume you.
See, the problem is the
The thing that Paul is not trying to do here, he's not trying to shame you or me for our body or sexuality.
On the contrary, he is protecting and elevating its value in the right context.
You are not a rental car.
You cannot detach your heart and take your body for a joy ride for your life.
Because what you're going to find out is that you're doing damage to the engine of your soul.
We treat a sanctuary way different than we treat a stadium.
Not because a stadium is evil, but because a sanctuary is set apart, it has a unique function, it has a unique purpose, and so does your body.
Culture will shout mantras like, it's a free country, or my body, my choice.
But the kingdom of God counters you are not your own.
You were bought with a price.
But we have to be honest, the church's vision for this has not always offered much of a better view.
We've often countered the culture's license with legalism and shame,
We've used phrases that make sex sound dirty, damaged, gross, right?
Phrases like, don't be a stumbling block to your brothers, which in this weird way, places the weight of someone else's sin on your body, or you're like a piece of tape that's lost at stickiness, or nobody wants a piece of chewed up gum.
These might sound extreme, but I'm telling you, they can very quickly take root in our culture where we are running from fear, and sex has become gross, either intentionally,
or unintentionally.
So if sex isn't a game, a toy that you play with, and it's not gross where your body is a threat to run from in shame, Paul is gonna give us, start to give us a snapshot of what God's vision for sex is.
He says, do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit within you, whom you have from God?
You are not your own.
He says, you were bought with a price.
So glorify God.
with your body.
Paul's amazing at this.
He builds a structure and based on that structure, he comes to a conclusion.
He does this in a whole bunch of his writing.
And what he's highlighting for you and me.
Now, I wanna be very clear.
He's talking to Christians.
He's talking to Christians that need some stuff worked out in their life, which I'm guessing we all have something in common with.
But if you're not a Christian, you don't actually have to do this.
You can continue to follow the sex as a game playbook.
If you're not a Christian today, it's a terrible playbook and it's killing you, but if you wanna keep doing it,
Go for it.
You can also try God's plan, whether you've chosen to follow him yet or not.
Because in this moment, in the Hebrew understanding that Jesus is writing into, he's tapping into the idea of the temple as a specific place where the presence of God uniquely dwelled.
They all understood that.
But what they didn't totally understand is that just like the temple was holy and sacred, not a pagan temple that was made with sex as a game in view, he's saying, this is now you.
that if you're a follower of Jesus, the Holy Spirit of God lives inside of you.
Think about like the most expensive, the most exclusive real estate in the Bay Area.
If someone gave you the keys to that, you wouldn't just like leave the door open for anybody to crash through the front door.
No, no, no.
What we know even intuitively, whether you're a person of faith or not, is that the value of a space dictates its level of exclusivity.
The higher the value,
the more exclusive it becomes.
Paul is saying that your body is the most expensive real estate in the universe.
Jesus died for it, the Holy Spirit lives inside of it, and God has an eternal purpose.
Paul is saying that you don't have a body, you are a body.
And because of Jesus, your body has become the holy of holies.
Your goal shouldn't be to maximize pleasure through a lifelong joyride, hoping that you will not experience consequences, but that you are
sacred, purchased with the blood of the creator of the universe.
So if sex isn't gross, and if sex isn't a game, well, what we see is Paul shares with us that sex, it's actually a gift.
Now, like any great, powerful, complicated gift, it requires understanding, it requires context, it requires instructions,
See, that kind of power without understanding usually causes unnecessary pain, unnecessary problems and sex is no different.
A simple way to think about this is to imagine a fireplace.
Now, if you think about sex like a fire, fire is amazing.
It can cook our food, it can keep us warm, it can literally sustain life.
It's powerful and it's good, but this kind of fire belongs somewhere in our homes, somewhere in our lives, right?
in a fireplace if we think about it in that context, or if we think about it inside of the context of relationship, this idea of sex as that fire belongs inside the covenant of marriage with one man, one woman with God at the center for a lifetime.
That's the context that God universally gives us throughout the scriptures.
Doesn't mean everybody always does it well, but that's the vision that God gives us.
And it can serve as an essential purpose, but only when it's safe, only when it's life giving, only when it's in the proper context.
So what happens if you like take the fire that's safe in the fireplace and you put it on the floor of your family room?
Your house is gonna burn down.
The late great Tim Keller used to say this, that true freedom is not the absence of restrictions.
It's the presence of the right restrictions.
A fish is only free when it lives inside the restriction of water.
If you free it onto the counter next to the tank, it might have fewer restrictions, but it's going to die.
And we oftentimes want to throw off all restrictions.
That's not real freedom.
Fire works this same way.
In a fireplace, it's helpful, it's healthy, but outside of that, it isn't free.
It's feral.
It will consume everything.
Remember the first week when we talked about the support beams of our house that we can't always see, but they provide an essential function?
What Paul is saying is that sexual immorality is gonna burn those internal support beams to the ground.
Last week, Javon talked to us about guarding our hearts that unrestrained sex, even if it's consensual, will rob you of something that God has for you that is so much better than that.
We say from time to time around here is that when God says do, he means he designed you that way.
And when he says don't, he means don't hurt yourself.
God's not a cosmic killjoy.
He's not trying to steal your fun.
He's trying to keep your house from burning down.
He loves you too much to let you play with the fire outside the context he made it for without at least warning you of the consequences that that will create.
Now, I know that as I say all this, it lands very differently with very different people in the room.
I totally get it.
So I want to speak to three very different people today.
First, to the single person that's listening to this right now, I want to be very clear.
Singleness is not a waiting room.
It is actually a gift.
Paul, who we've been reading today, was single.
This other guy you may have heard about was also single his entire life.
His name is Jesus, okay?
Like single is not a lower status.
More than that, in the same letter that we've been reading, Paul calls singleness a gift because it gave him a level of undivided freedom in what God was calling him to do with his life.
You have the capacity for kingdom impact and the freedom to serve right now that married people simply don't have.
So don't confuse what you are experiencing as some sort of like relational purgatory.
And I'm personally sorry for ways that if you're single and you're gonna, I think I'm okay, I think this is what God's called me to.
I'm very sorry for the ways that people, that pastors, that churches either intentionally or unintentionally have made you feel less than as a result.
But I also know that for some of you who are single, you actually desire to be in a romantic relationship.
And so you're wondering about questions like, how do I find someone who's on the same path in life as me?
Or maybe you found someone and you're dating and you're asking questions like, how far is too far?
And for that one in particular, that's a little bit like asking, how close can I get the couch to the fireplace before it lights on fire?
It's the wrong question.
As a matter of fact, in the book Song of Songs in the Hebrew Scriptures, it's a book all about this.
We get a picture of this, a picture of passionate, physical, and holy sexual intimacy.
But three times in the book, we find ourselves where Solomon gives us this kind of form of advice.
And in the first part, he says these words.
promise me oh women this could also be then by the gazelles and wild deer like for all things holy please please please listen not to wake awake in love until the time is right he knows that there is something that fires up in you and me if we start this too soon as a matter of fact in the original language if we take this time is
Right, really the words that we have there are the idea of seasons, that there is a season in your life that it makes sense for you.
To say, hey, we're headed down this path together.
God is honoring our relationship.
Let's take these steps.
And if God has placed in you a desire to experience marriage, it comes totally, normally, that He's also placed in you, a desire for this kind of fire, for sexual intimacy.
But that fire needs a fireplace to warm you without burning you.
So the better question might be, how do I honor the God who bought me?
See, God, He's given you a season of freedom, even if you didn't ask for it, and I don't know how long it will be, but whether you are single for the rest of your life or just for this season, you are not a second-class citizen in the kingdom.
God has a plan for you right now in all the circumstances you find yourself.
Second is to the married people.
Some of you, you have a fireplace, but it feels like the fire went out a long time ago.
I'll just say this, mature marriage is they refuse to be roommates.
We refuse to just drift to a place where we just sort of cohabitate.
And I know how easy it can feel.
Like you're passing in the night without much passion at night.
You're managing logistics, kids, schedules.
The trains are running on time, but you haven't paid attention to the fact that maybe they're on the wrong tracks.
Hear me on this.
Intimacy is spiritual warfare.
The enemy of your soul hates your marriage.
And he wants you to keep drifting, keep justifying it, keep rationalizing it.
When sex is just a game, it will be easy to do that.
When marriage isn't a covenant, but it's a contract, it will be easy to do that.
But the most spiritual thing that you can do this week is maybe to begin putting fuel on the fire of the passion of your spouse by fighting the drift of apathy in your life.
The great news, the great news,
is that oftentimes with fires that have been going on for a long time, even when it looks like they're out, there's often embers at the base of the fire that can reignite and take less fuel than you think to reignite.
And so for you, maybe this week, you're gonna take some steps about reigniting the passion that God has placed in your life.
And yeah, this is probably gonna look like a gift, a meal, encouragement, and doing all those things without talking about your kids
schedules or household responsibilities.
It might even look like a foot rub, right?
Like, whatever your spouse is going to process as genuine care and affection, trust God to reawaken the love through steady and kind presence without expectation.
Steady and kind presence without expectation.
If you're like, I said a nice thing, and they weren't instantly falling back in love with me, steady and kind presence without expectation.
Trust God to move in their heart.
Especially if you have what relational expert Dr. Gottman calls the four horsemen of the apocalypse in your marriage, here's what they are, contempt, criticism, defensiveness, and stonewalling.
If those four live in your marriage, it's going to take some work because you did not get into this overnight and you will not get out of it overnight.
But don't give up.
Finally, I want to talk to the wounded and hurting in the room.
This is really important because I know that some of you, the moment you found out what we were talking about today, you've been sitting here this entire time just like controlling your breathing.
And you don't want anybody to see how heavy or hard this is for you.
And in your heart, you're thinking, Phil, I've already burned the house down.
Or maybe because of something that happened to you, you feel like somebody else burned your house down.
Maybe you've made mistakes or someone's abused you and you're still in deep pain.
I want you to know I'm so sorry for what you've been through.
The consequences of sexual sin are so painful and often feel punitive, just like what Paul's talking about.
They have a unique impact.
But the good news of Jesus, the good news of the gospel is that it's a construction project.
The God's not done.
As a matter of fact, in 1st Corinthians 6 where we've been studying, right before where we've been studying, Paul talks about this very idea.
He says, but you were washed.
You were sanctified.
You're justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God.
He's saying no matter what you've been through, it does not exclude you from the love of God, from the redemption, from the washing away of what's happened to you for a different life ahead.
Culture is gonna tell you that your decisions, this is wild, right?
It's a game where your decisions don't matter and then it flips and the decisions you've made have determined an inevitable direction and destiny, but that isn't true.
You're not damaged goods.
You're not a ruined house.
You are the temple that has been washed by the blood of the Lamb.
The graffiti is gone and the foundation is fixed.
See, in a relationship with Jesus, which even if you don't have, you could start today, you are restored and being restored.
God sees you as perfect even as He is perfecting you.
Nothing you've gone through can ever make God stop loving you or pursuing you
Church, our sexuality needs more than an appetite in 2026.
It needs an anchor.
It needs something more than guilt because it's actually a gift.
God has given us boundaries as blessings even when they feel like burdens from the whispers of an enemy that hates you and wants to kill you.
I know that for some of you, this teaching, it doesn't just feel hard, it feels offensive.
You're sitting here and you're thinking, Phil, get out of my bedroom.
Get off my phone.
You want the comfort of the cross without the constraints of the covenant.
And I get it.
And again, if you're not a Christian and you want to continue to run the world's playbook, that's absolutely your prerogative.
But if you are a follower of Jesus, I'm not going to apologize for giving you God's vision of sex because I've seen the wreckage of the alternative.
I see it all the time.
For me, even as a husband and a dad raising kids in a culture that sexualizes everything,
I know that this is a war and you do not win a war by being passive.
You don't win it by drifting into holiness.
You win it by being ruthless with the things that are trying to kill your soul, that are trying to go after your kids.
The world offers you a dumpster fire and calls it freedom.
God offers you a fireplace and he calls it holiness, calls it freedom.
One keeps you warm, the other is trying to burn you alive.
So here's what you get to decide today.
Which one of those fires are you gonna attend with your life?
My encouragement, put the matches down.
Stop playing with a fire that is designed to consume you outside of the covenant.
Love is our foundation.
Love is worth waiting for.
And today, love is holy.
It's holy because you were bought with a price because there's a life that God wants you to experience in abundance with him now.
And in eternity later, you,
are not your own.
So we should stop living like we are.
And my prayer today is that some of you are gonna pray with someone after the service and you're gonna share whatever you're comfortable sharing.
We got people at all of our campuses ready to pray with you.
You're gonna visit with a pastor or ministry member, ministry team member this week and talk about some things that are going on.
Maybe they're gonna connect you to a counselor to start down this path.
For some of you, you're gonna have a necessary but difficult conversation with someone in your life that you have been playing with this fire
outside of the covenant with, and you're going to set some new boundaries.
And those are all challenging conversations.
But the idea that you can just keep playing this game without consequences, you know that's not true.
So before we continue, before we thank God for who He is, before we think about all the other things that are coming with our day, would you pray with me?
God, I know that
This is such a deeply personal subject.
For some, this is like the one thing we hope no one ever talks about.
And we live in a culture where this struggle has become available, anonymous, free, all the time.
And we are living so divided, we're living with this lie that we can
live this individual picture of no restrictions and try to follow you and we are feeling it tearing us apart.
So God, thank you for your grace.
Thank you for the grace that allows us to come before you.
Thank you for the grace that allows us to even tell someone about this and still know that we're loved, still know that there's a future in you.
God, thank you for this kind of community.
I pray that it would be one where your grace might be made manifest no matter what's been done to us or what we have done ourselves.
Thank you for the gift of hope, even in the midst of all the hurts of this world.
Would you show us that hope now?
In Jesus name.
Amen.